Files:

debugging/run_relation_debug.bat : bat
debugging/replace_spaces_with_tab.pl : pl
debugging/wsd_tam_debug.sh : sh
debugging/relation_debug.clp : clp
debugging/make_freemind_stanford.pl : pl
debugging/wsd_tam_debug.clp : clp
debugging/run_sentence_debug.bat : bat
debugging/make_freemind1.pl : pl
debugging/pada_debug.clp : clp
debugging/GNP-help : none
debugging/lwg_debug.clp : clp
debugging/debug_link.sh : sh
debugging/agreement_debug.sh : sh
debugging/debug.sh : sh
debugging/order-help : none
debugging/make_freemind.pl : pl
debugging/lwg-help : none
debugging/make_freemind_ol.pl : pl
debugging/run_pada_debug.bat : bat
debugging/run_order_debug.bat : bat
debugging/run_GNP_debug.bat : bat
debugging/make_comp_freemind_link.pl : pl
debugging/pada-help : none
debugging/vibakthi_debug.clp : clp
debugging/tam-help : none
debugging/pada_debug.sh : sh
debugging/order_debug.sh : sh
debugging/agreement_debug.clp : clp
debugging/order_debug.clp : clp
debugging/README_freemind : none
debugging/relation_debug.sh : sh
debugging/run_wsd_tam_debug.bat : bat
debugging/verb-agreement-help : none
debugging/lwg_debug.sh : sh
debugging/debug_std.sh : sh
debugging/sentence_debug.sh : sh
debugging/make_comp_freemind_ol.pl : pl
debugging/relation-help.html : html
debugging/GNP_debug.clp : clp
debugging/OL_DEBUGGING_NOTES : none
debugging/run_wsd_debug.bat : bat
debugging/run_agreement_debug.bat : bat
debugging/run_lwg_debug.bat : bat
debugging/sentence_debug.clp : clp
debugging/wsd_debug.sh : sh
debugging/make_freemind_link.pl : pl
debugging/wsd-help : none
debugging/make_comp_freemind.pl : pl
debugging/README : none
debugging/wsd_debug.clp : clp
debugging/GNP_debug.sh : sh

Subdirectories:

debugging/provisional_Anu_databases : 3 files, 0 directories
debugging/sentence_debug : 1 files, 0 directories
